README.md, before:

# Witness-The-Fitness

### [Witness](https://witness-the-fitness.herokuapp.com/)

- Team Members: 
  Toni Rose De Belen, Flory Ann Evia,
Sam Fullerton, Steve Kavuu




- Project Description: We will obtain a dataset that gives information on various exercises and a goal for the amount of calories wished to be burned. User information will be saved in local storage upon visiting our app. User will be able to pick a specific exercise and save it in order to generate their preferred workout list. 

    

### Technologies Used: 
1. Milligram
    - A minimalistic css framework
2. UI KIT
   - A lightweight and modular front-end CSS framework
for developing fast and powerful web interfaces.
3. Jquery
    - Easy access to the DOM for manipluation of screen content
4. Handlebars Templating
    - Easy templating engine
5. Trello
    - Project management tool
6. Sequelze
    - JS style acccess to MySQL database
7. Express
    - for HTML routing and API queries


**Future Development**
- Add a forum so users can discuss exercises if they have any questions or comments to contribute.

Commit message:

cleaning code and deleted the READMEedit

README.md, after:

# [Witness-the-Fitness](https://witness-the-fitness.herokuapp.com/)

## Description 
Witness-the-Fitness is an app designed to give the user two exercises chosen at random when they enter how many calories they want to burn. All exercises are designed to last 1 full hour. No two days will ever be the same!


## Installation
When you open the file in VS Code, you will need to run 'npm i' to install the packages provided.
In your Mysql workbench, create the database "fitness_db". Now inside your integrated terminal, make sure to run *'npm run seeds'* to give your database all the exercise data.


## Usage 
![form](public/assets/images/form.png)

![response](public/assets/images/generated.png)

After launching the app, you can insert your name in the box provided. In the drop down menu, choose the closest weight to your current weight. In the calorie goal box, input the amount of calories you want to burn in the span of one hour. If you would like to look at a list of all the exercises provided along with the amount of calories burned per lb, you can access it by the 'All Exercises' link at the top of the page.


## Credits
###### [DeBelen, Toni Rose](https://github.com/tonirose311)
###### [Evia, Flory Ann](https://github.com/fevia)
###### [Fullerton, Sam](https://github.com/samdfullerton)
###### [Kavuu, Steve](https://github.com/sck916)


## Future Development
- Create an exercise history page where users can see their past activity and track their own progress.
- Create a forum so that users can talk to each other about the exercises they have done.
- Give user more options for...
    - weight
    - amount of exercises they want to do
    - the length of time they want to exercise for
